Ariete STDOUT & STDERR Capture Module
=======================================

## Introduction

Ariete STDOUT & STDERR Capture Module is a module that captures $stdout($stderr) and return as String. Ariete is useful on unit test.

**usage**

    require "test/unit"
    require "ariete"
    require_relative "klass"

    class KlassTest < Test::Unit::TestCase
      include Ariete

      def test_stdout
        result = capture_stdout {Klass.output_out("Ariete")}
        assert_equal("Ariete is a kind of rabbit.", result)
      end

      def test_stderr
        result = capture_stderr {Klass.output_err("Ariete")}
        assert_equal("Ariete means 'Lop' in Italian.", result)
      end
    end            

## Operation Environment

We checked good operation within following environment.

- Linux（openSUSE 12.2）・Mac OS X 10.8.2
- Ruby 1.9.3

## Architectonics

- **bin**
- **doc** :: Documents generated by rdoc
- **lib**
  - **ariete.rb** :: Main unit of Ariete
- **LICENSE**
- **Rakefile** :: Rakefile that is used to generate gem file
- **README.md**
- **README_jp.md**
- **test** :: Unit tests
  - **tb_capture_std.rb** :: Unit test for Ariete
  
## Install

Download ariete-x.y.z.gem, then execute following command to install Ariete.

`$ sudo gem install ariete-x.y.z.gem`

On the other hand, you can install from RubyGems.org to use following command.

`$ sudo gem install ariete`

## Sample code

See tb_capture_std.rb file. It is an unit test code, and it doubles with sample code.

## API document

See following website: [http://quellencode.org/ariete-doc/](http://quellencode.org/ariete-doc/ "")

## License

Hakto is distributed with MIT License. See the LICENSE file to read the detail of license.

## About Author

Moza USANE  
[http://blog.quellencode.org/](http://blog.quellencode.org/ "")  
mozamimy@quellencode.org